engine/include/xng/headertool/README.md, before:

## Header Tool 
The header tool is used by the editor to allow the user to create user component instances and assign the available member variables through the editor gui.

It parses component definitions in the following format:

    ...

    #include "filename.generated.h" // Must be included after headertoolmacros.hpp

    XCOMPONENT(Category="MyComponents/SubMenu/AnotherSubMenu")
    struct UserComponent : public Component {
        XVARIABLE(Minimum=-5,Maximum=15)
        int integerVariable;

        XVARIABLE()
        std::string strVariable = "DefaultValue";

        XVARIABLE()
        ResourceHandle<Texture> textureVariable;

        XVARIABLE()
        EntityName entityVariable;

        float constantVariable = 5;

        XGENERATED_OPERATORS()
    };

Available header tool macros are:
- XCOMPONENT() - Declare a component class, Properties:
  - Category - Define the menu category under which the component is made available in the component create menu 
- XVARIABLE() - Declares a member, Properties: 
  - Minimum - Define the minimum value for a numeric value
  - Maximum - Define the maximum value for a numeric value
- XGENERATED_OPERATORS() - Defines the Messageable stream operators which serialize and deserialize the defined XVARIABLE instances using the optionally defined default assignment values as default values.

By adding XCOMPONENT() before a component type definition allows the user to create an instance of the component in the scene component create gui under the specified category. Categories that are separated with a slash character become submenus.

Inside a XCOMPONENT type definition there can be XVARIABLE() statements before member variables which allows the user to modify the members through the editor gui and includes the variables in the generated Messageable operators.

If there is a default initializer for a XVARIABLE the assigned value is used as default value in the generated streaming operators.

The values that the user inputs for XVARIABLE()'s is serialized to a message without involving the streaming operators based on the extracted metadata.

All macro invocations are defined as empty macros in [headertoolmacros.hpp](headertoolmacros.hpp).

The list of supported XVARIABLE types are:
- xng::Vector2/3/4
- xng::Transform
- xng::Quaternion
- xng::ResourceHandle<?>
- xng::EntityName
- Primitives (bool, int, float ...)
- std::string

Unicode source code is NOT supported.

Commit message:

Add display name and description properties for XVARIABLE

engine/include/xng/headertool/README.md, after:

## Header Tool 
The header tool is used by the editor to allow the user to create user component instances and assign the available member variables through the editor gui.

It parses component definitions in the following format:

    ...

    #include "filename.generated.h" // Must be included after headertoolmacros.hpp

    XCOMPONENT(Category="MyComponents/SubMenu/AnotherSubMenu")
    struct UserComponent : public Component {
        XVARIABLE(Minimum=-5,Maximum=15)
        int integerVariable;

        XVARIABLE()
        std::string strVariable = "DefaultValue";

        XVARIABLE()
        ResourceHandle<Texture> textureVariable;

        XVARIABLE()
        EntityName entityVariable;

        float constantVariable = 5;

        XGENERATED_OPERATORS()
    };

Available header tool macros are:
- XCOMPONENT() - Declare a component class, Properties:
  - Category - Define the menu category under which the component is made available in the component create menu 
- XVARIABLE() - Declares a member, Properties: 
  - Name - Define the name to display in the editor user interface 
  - Description - Define the description to display in the editor user interface
  - Minimum - Define the minimum value for a numeric value
  - Maximum - Define the maximum value for a numeric value
- XGENERATED_OPERATORS() - Defines the Messageable stream operators which serialize and deserialize the defined XVARIABLE instances using the optionally defined default assignment values as default values.

By adding XCOMPONENT() before a component type definition allows the user to create an instance of the component in the scene component create gui under the specified category. Categories that are separated with a slash character become submenus.

Inside a XCOMPONENT type definition there can be XVARIABLE() statements before member variables which allows the user to modify the members through the editor gui and includes the variables in the generated Messageable operators.

If there is a default initializer for a XVARIABLE the assigned value is used as default value in the generated streaming operators.

The values that the user inputs for XVARIABLE()'s is serialized to a message without involving the streaming operators based on the extracted metadata.

All macro invocations are defined as empty macros in [headertoolmacros.hpp](headertoolmacros.hpp).

The list of supported XVARIABLE types are:
- xng::Vector2/3/4
- xng::Transform
- xng::Quaternion
- xng::ResourceHandle<?>
- xng::EntityName
- Primitives (bool, int, float ...)
- std::string

Unicode source code is NOT supported.
